README.md, before:

# SharedDrawingCanvas
Web Sockets and p5.js Tutorial

## Instructions

1. Follow the tutorial videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjULmG8fqc8&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6b36TzJidYfIYwTFEq3K5qH&index=1
2. Create a Log file for your group to explain what you:
  a. Have learnt
  b. Still don't know
  c. Creative ideas you might want to try
3.There are parts of this that you will have to figure out that are not stated in any of the instructions. **This will be key when you are constructing your log**
4. Do this as a group, yes groups can work with groups. Everyone should help everyone while trying to help your own group. This will require the use of GitHub to help let people know where you are, what you are working on, and how successful/yet to be successful you are.
5. Feel free to take a break from this and work on another part of the course.
6. **This section will be worth 10%** of your final grade

Rubric:
4 - You get it working and do something interesting with a nature of code sketch.
3 - You get it working
2 - You have a well github repo that has continued to be mainted, progress or attempts to make it work are evident.(i.e. A quick look at the repo should make this obvious)
1 - Very little effort was made.

Commit message:

added a message from the developers
yuh

README.md, after:

#### A message from the members of this group (Tim, Carter, Cooper, and Anees): Welcome to our log. We have summaries of our work periods in the _Logs_ Folder, and many other thing to explore. Enjoy!

# SharedDrawingCanvas
Web Sockets and p5.js Tutorial

## Instructions

1. Follow the tutorial videos: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjULmG8fqc8&list=PLRqwX-V7Uu6b36TzJidYfIYwTFEq3K5qH&index=1
2. Create a Log file for your group to explain what you:
  a. Have learnt
  b. Still don't know
  c. Creative ideas you might want to try
3.There are parts of this that you will have to figure out that are not stated in any of the instructions. **This will be key when you are constructing your log**
4. Do this as a group, yes groups can work with groups. Everyone should help everyone while trying to help your own group. This will require the use of GitHub to help let people know where you are, what you are working on, and how successful/yet to be successful you are.
5. Feel free to take a break from this and work on another part of the course.
6. **This section will be worth 10%** of your final grade

Rubric:
4 - You get it working and do something interesting with a nature of code sketch.
3 - You get it working
2 - You have a well github repo that has continued to be mainted, progress or attempts to make it work are evident.(i.e. A quick look at the repo should make this obvious)
1 - Very little effort was made.
